Nations Icons:
//FE1
Shield by 4urbrand from NounProject.com - (Grust)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shield-4870500/

Axe by Nurutdinov Timur from NounProject.com - (Ostia)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/axe-30512/

Sword by Aisyah from NounProject.com - (Lycia)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/sword-2006427/

Horse by Aleks from NounProject.com - (Sacae)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/horse-1081337/

Dragon by IronSV from NounProject.com - (Bern)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/dragon-4052228/

Pegasus by m. turan ercan from NounProject.com - (Ilia)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/pegasus-1092224/

Dragon by Kevin from NounProject.com - (Nabata)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/dragon-3890628/

Cross by José Manuel de Laá from NounProject.com - (Etruria)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/cross-41280/

Shield by Creative Stall from NounProject.com - (Altea)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shield-147953/

FE7
Fangs by Phạm Thanh Lộc from NounProject.com - (Black Fang)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/fangs-3028646/

Unit Icons:

//Archanea

FE1
Crown by OneShoot from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/crown-1811667/

Tiara by useiconic.com from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/tiara-45352/

Arbalest by Lars Meiertoberens from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/arbalest-4559039/

(Cavalier) https://thenounproject.com/icon/horse-riding-145966/

Crusader by Anton from NounProject.com - (Paladin)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/crusader-384561/

//Elibean
Armored Knight Icon - by Andrejs Kirma, LV  from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Knight+Helmet&i=3864614

General Icon - by zidney from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Knight+Helmet&i=1338617

Nomad Icon - by parkjisun from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Archer+Cavalry&i=440130

Nomadic Trooper Icon - By farra nugraha, ID 
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Sword&i=3901164

Myrmidon - Sword by Athok from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/sword-4530524/

Swordsmaster - Sabre by Bonegolem from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/sabre-708297/

Wyvern Icon - by parkjisun  from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Wyvern&i=1005198

Wyvern Lord Icon - by Nathan Thomson, US from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Wyvern&i=60790

Wyvern General - Dragon by IronSV from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/dragon-4052229/

Falcon Knight - Winged Unicorn by Studio Fibonacci from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/winged-unicorn-120156/

Pegasus Knight by Bakunetsu Kaito from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/pegasus-1023756/

Wizard Staff by Juicy Fish from NounProject.com - (Priest Icon)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/wizard-staff-4243138/

Shine by ainul muttaqin from NounProject.com - (Bishop Icon)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shine-3675013/

//Fe7
Thief by art shop from NounProject.com - Thief
https://thenounproject.com/icon/thief-1400752/

Dagger by Bonegolem from NounProject.com - Assassin
https://thenounproject.com/icon/dagger-346389/

//Fe8
Shaman - by Kyle Tezak, US from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Pentacle&i=96279

Druid Icon - by ibrandify, PK from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Spell+Book&i=2250696

Roy's Icon - by parkjisun from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Rapier&i=440121

Roy the Young Lion Icon - by Tivi Lupercio Ordonez from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Fire+Sword&i=340266

//FE 8
Troubadour Icon - by Hamish from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/hamishbuchanan/uploads/?i=819849

Mage Knigth Icon - by Michael T, US
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Staff&i=921085


Building Icons: 
Binding Blade - by Made x Made from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Magical+Sword&i=1764934

Falchion Swords by Angriawan Ditya Zulkarnain from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/swords-1302761/

Marquess's Castle - Castle by Kieu Thi Kim Cuong from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/castle-2904148/

Castle by Lil Squid from NounProject.com - (Ostian Walls)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/castle-26224/

Stables by Ben Davis from NounProject.com - (Pegasus Stable)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/stables-1848284/

Bread by Firza Alamsyah from NounProject.com - (Small Food Portions)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/bread-4577938/

Meal by Alice Design from NounProject.com - (Medium Food Portions)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/meal-3407874/

Meat by Eucalyp from NounProject.com - (Large Food Portions)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/meat-2290673/

Pyramid by luca orlandini from NounProject.com - (Water Temple)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/pyramid-26760/

Library by Asheeqa from NounProject.com - (Dragon Library)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/library-4048338/

Church by Lil Squid from NounProject.com - (Church of St Elimine)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/church-26222/

Library by Asheeqa from NounProject.com

Dummy by Smalllike from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/dummy-2408121/

//FE 7
Meeting by Alice Design from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/meeting-1994875/

//Promotion Icons
Forgive by Adrien Coquet from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/forgive-3203768/

Resistance Icon by Orin zuu from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shield-lightning-1170109/

Shield by kareemov1000 from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shield-2111502/

Castle by Doodle Icons from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/castle-4477510/

Gold Crown by Mu'as from NounProject.com (Noble Fortitude)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/gold-crown-3699799/

Shield by kareemovic3000 from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/shield-2376325/

Fire by Bohdan Burmich from NounProject.com (Torch)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/fire-258305/

Sleep by Jae Deasigner from NounProject.com (Sleep)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/sleep-3330994/

Panic by Samy Menai from NounProject.com (Panic)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/panic-231861/

Teleport by agus raharjo from NounProject.com (Warp)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/teleport-4728539/

Wizard Staff by Francisco Gonzalez from NounProject.com (Staff)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/wizard-staff-4554457/

Teleport by agus raharjo from NounProject.com (Warp)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/teleport-4728539/

Meteor Shower by merkavah from NounProject.com (Retainment)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/meteor-shower-1903704/

Pentacle by Smalllike from NounProject.com (Mastery)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/pentacle-2408000/

Tome by Ben Davis from NounProject.com (Tomebreaker)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/tome-1848676/

Mental Concentration by sachin modgekar from NounProject.com (Concenctration)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/mental-concentration-1576429/

Grab by Iris Sun from NounProject.com - (Pickpocket)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/grab-121228/

Burglary by Luis Prado from NounProject.com - (Ransack)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/burglary-80199/

Eye by Alfredo @ IconsAlfredo.com from NounProject.com - (The Fang Watches)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/eye-391532/

//Religion Icons
Sparkle by OneShoot from NounProject.com - (Eliminism)
https://thenounproject.com/icon/sparkle-1829144/

Earth by morvinerlangga from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/earth-4793332/

Naga - https://www.pngwing.com/en/free-png-hbqpx

//Improvement Icons
Circus Tent by jabbar from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/circus-tent-3254318/


Music:
(Note: Original music compositions rightfully belongs to Nintendo and Intelligent System, all attributions are remaster versions from individual composers)

//Elibean
Friendship and Adventure - gazpacho 146
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j0zCCkfjYw&list=WL&index=8&t=44s&ab_channel=gazpacho146

Distant Travels - gazpacho 146
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXhsrEkVhhI&t=37s&ab_channel=gazpacho146

SFX:
Light Magic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh9FVzZGr1Y&ab_channel=SmashupMashups